   You find yourself basking in the NecroMexican sunlight, feeling carefree and as light as a feather.  You look down and see the reason why- you
have lost all of your fleshy bits and have been reduced to a skeleton.  "I've been wanting to lose a few pounds," you think to yourself, trying 
to make the best of your situation.  
   You hear a cacaphony of loud shouts and look up to see a pack of skeletons heading your way.  They seem either really glad to see you, or
really angry.  You think that their lack of skin makes it difficult for you to determine their emotions.  Keeping with your newly found sense of
optimism, you decide to stick around and hope for the former.
   As the skeletons grow near, you realize that several of them are shouting your name.  In fact, you think you can recognize several of the 
voices.  That tall one in the back is grandpa Jim!  And that small one on the left is cousin Jill, who had that unfortunate accident.  You rush
to embrace your undead ancestors and begin warmly sharing salutations and embraces.
   Your family informs you that each day there is a huge feast where they all eat, drink, and be merry.  You go with them to the dinning area 
and sit down in preparation for a fantastic meal, confident that the pink door was clearly the right choice.  Uncle Sal is sitting next to you, 
clearly beginning to enjoy the effects of the libations generously provisioned around the table.  "Those darn negros are really bringing this 
place down," you hear grandpa Jim opine, much to your horror.  You wonder about the practicalities of racism in a world without skin.  As you
are doing so, uncle Sal sloshes some of his wine on your shoulder.  "I'm ssssorrry about that ssssonnny," he exhales, along with a prodigous 
amount of alcohol, directly into your face.  Two of your 'departed too soon' relatives to your right begin squabbling with one another, and you
are caught in the crossfire being hit with a dollop of mashed potatoes.

Now you get it.  It's like the worst Thanksgiving of your life, reapeated endlessly, for all of eternity.

                                                       --THE END--

                                                  -TYPE exit TO EXIT PROGRAM-  
